Amal Abu Al saaba is 26 years old she
paints on ruins Left Behind from
Israel's military assault on Rafa in
southern Gaza the rubble of buildings
that Palestinians once called home have
become her
canas I didn't search for areas that
remained intact on the contrary I
searched for houses that were destroyed
with Innocent civilians inside them such
as this house where more than 10 bodies
were pulled from under the
rabble Amar was forcibly displaced from
Central
Gaza she escaped to survive another day
but refused to leave her brushes
behind determined to continue showing
the resistance of Palestinians through
her work and turning their dark reality
into a colored memory of
resilience I decided to paint this mural
using all available colors in order to
send a strong message through the
drawings you see here to tell all Arab
Nations that we will remain in our land
and we will never leave
it as zamal completes her mural titled
Gaza
2024 she is hopeful that once the war
ends the people of Palestine can wipe
their canvas clean and start over once
again Julie dger Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer